Update article with additional Note content for SharePoint mobile app. (#1614)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/setup/customize-your-organization-theme.md

- MET150
- MOE150
ms.assetid: 8275da91-7a48-4591-94ab-3123a3f79530
description: "Learn to change the default theme of Microsoft 365 and customize it to match your company logo or color. "
---

# Customize the Microsoft 365 theme for your organization

> Learn how to customize your theme in the Microsoft 365 admin center. As the admin of your Microsoft 365 for business subscription, you can change the default theme that appears in the top navigation bar for everyone in the organization. You can add your company logo and change the colors to match the rest of your brand. You can even add a destination link for users to navigate to when they select your logo. You can see here the default theme and custom theme result in Microsoft 365.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to customize your theme in the Microsoft 365 admin center. As the admin of your Microsoft 365 Apps for business subscription, you can change the default theme that appears in the top navigation bar for everyone in the organization. You can add your company logo and change the colors to match the rest of your brand. You can even add a destination link for users to navigate to when they select your logo. You can see here the default theme and custom theme result in Microsoft 365.
```

Author: Per Project Snowbird (rebranding Office 365 to Microsoft 365), all instances of 'Office 365 business' change to 'Microsoft 365 Apps for business.'

    
4. Select **Save changes**.
    

> You'll see your new theme on the admin center right away and after a short delay, you'll see it throughout Microsoft 365, including pages in Outlook, SharePoint, [SharePoint mobile app for iOS](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/SharePoint-mobile-app-for-iOS-339402ce-16bb-4c97-9475-0c5375ccef7a), and [SharePoint mobile app for Android](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/SharePoint-mobile-app-for-Android-d875654b-fb0a-4dbe-a17a-a676cf936284). For an example of where you an customize theme changes from the admin center, see the following image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll see your new theme on the admin center right away and after a short delay, you'll see it throughout Microsoft 365, including pages in Outlook, SharePoint, [SharePoint mobile app for iOS](https://support.office.com/article/SharePoint-mobile-app-for-iOS-339402ce-16bb-4c97-9475-0c5375ccef7a), and [SharePoint mobile app for Android](https://support.office.com/article/SharePoint-mobile-app-for-Android-d875654b-fb0a-4dbe-a17a-a676cf936284). For an example of where you can customize theme changes from the admin center, see the following image.
```

Reviewer: Please change **an** in the last sentence to **can**. Also remove locales from links.
